[1098] Added method section and content for relatable numbers as well as copy (#1142)
Klimatbyran/frontend: src/locales/dataguide/en/forestFires.md

# Why relate to forest fires?

> We have calculated how large wild fires would have to be to  produce the same amount of emissions. We base this on the following data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have calculated how large a wild fire would have to be to produce the same amount of emissions. We base this on the following data:
```

- On average, each hectare of forest contains about 50 tons of carbon (C). (1)
- Carbon is converted to carbon dioxide (CO₂) using the factor 44/12 (molecular weights), which means that one hectare corresponds to roughly 50 × (44/12) ≈ 183 tons of CO₂.

> Based on the emissions change, we calculate how many hectares equals that amount of CO₂. This is then compared to familiar references such as football fields, tennis courts, or city areas. Using this method, we can express it as something like: “This emission corresponds to emissions from wild fires as large as X football fields”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the emissions change, we calculate how many hectares equals that amount of CO₂. This is then compared to familiar references such as football fields, tennis courts, or city areas. Using this method, we can express it as something like: “This amount of CO₂ corresponds to emissions from a wild fire as large as X football fields”.
```
